Update .NET migration articles (#1641)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/net/wpf/migration/index.md

Now that the app's supporting library is upgraded, upgrade the main app.

### Upgrade the app

Once all of the supporting libraries are upgraded, the main app project can be upgraded. With the example app, there's only one library project to upgrade, which was upgraded in the previous section.

01. Right-click on the **WebSiteRatings** project in the **Solution Explorer** window and select **Upgrade**:
01. Select **In-place project upgrade** as the upgrade mode.
01. Select **.NET 7.0** for the target framework and select **Next**.
01. Leave all of the artifacts selected and select **Upgrade selection**.

After the upgrade is complete, the results are shown. If an item has a warning symbol, it means that there's a note for you to read, which you can do by expanding the item.

## Generate a clean build

After your project is upgraded, clean and compile it.

01. Right-click on the **WebSiteRatings** project in the **Solution Explorer** window and select **Clean**.
01. Right-click on the **WebSiteRatings** project in the **Solution Explorer** window and select **Build**.

> Any errors and incompatibilities are listed in the **Error List** window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application encountered any errors, you can find them in the **Error List** window with a recommendation how to fix them.
```
